docs(faqs-and-tips): added tips for enabling test on device (#5012)
invertase/react-native-firebase: docs/faqs-and-tips.md

```
Just disable your debugger in Xcode. 'Project name' -> 'Edit Scheme...' -> 'Run' -> deselect "Debug executable"

> ### I have the latest SDK installed, but I can't send a test messages from the console. How do I fix this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I have the latest SDK installed, but I can't send a test in app message from the console. How do I fix this?
```

> Sometimes when building a message in the console, sending a test to a device is not possible, as the "Test on device" button is grayed out. This can be very annoying, but have found a "work around" that enables the button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes when building an in-app-message in the console, sending a test to a device is not possible, as the "Test on device" button is grayed out. This can be very annoying, but have found a "work around" that enables the button:
```
